How can we use our store.
Well keep in mind that in the end here I'm managing my meals not My category is because we have no action
planned that would change anything there.
But I'm managing my meals here.
So one great task would be to go everywhere in our app where we are importing meals from the dummy data
and get rid of that import and instead get the data out of our store.
Because the difference will be that we can later add logic to change to date in our store whereas our
dummy data will never change.
So we should import data from our stores so that we can thereafter add logic to manipulate that data
for example to restrict Demelza we're displaying.
So where do we need the millstone on the categories screen.
We're not importing meals got a couple of our imports can actually get rid of but that's just a side
note.
We're not importing meals.
Categories can stay there because again we'll not have any logic that changes that.
So we can move on to category meals screen is a different story there we are importing yields and now
the goal is to get rid of that import and get the meals out of the redux store.
The question of course is how do we do this again the react redux package helps us with debt from that
react redux package we can import something we can import a hook the use selector hook.
This allows us to select a slice of our state of our globally managed state and use it in this component.
Now I'm using the hook here because that allows us to use this in the functional component.
You also might be aware of a another approach where you actually import the Connect function and wrap
your export with that and use map state to props map dispatched to props.
That's something you can use as well.
It will absolutely work but this is a bit leaner.
Saul will go with you as selector here with that added.
Now when we use our meals we're not using them like this.
Instead now we can get them with the help of use selector so to derive our display meals.
What I'll do here is all crit and you constant away lable meals maybe name is up to you and use selector
here like this because this will retrieve me data out of the state and return it.
So that's what I'll then store here in this constant the return value and use selector takes a function
a function it will be executed for us by react redux.
A function that gets the state as an argument automatically react redux which executes the function
for us will provide the curd state the kernel redux state to this function and it then is able to return
any data we want from that state from that global store from the global state.
And I'm using these terms interchangeably here.
So how can we retrieve data from that state here in the function body then.
And I'm using the shortcut arrow notation here where on the right side of the arrow this is automatically
returned if it's not wrapped in curly braces well to get access to something from the state we have
to go back to the place where we create the store there I pass in a root reducer which is created by
combining all reduce.
Again we only have one but I explained why it did this.
Now there we have this key meals which is totally up to you.
You could named us whatever you want.
This gives this slice of our state which is managed by this reducer an identifier and we can now use
this identifier to get hold of debt.
Part of our state for which this reducer is responsible.
So in the end a state that will look like this like this initial state so category meal screen here
I access state DOT meals or whatever you chose as an identifier in combined with users.
And then here all access filtered meals not meals which I would also have there.
We all have meals in here but I want to respect any filters that are set.
Right now we have no logic to set them but what that will change in the future.
So here I want to get my filtered meals so that I always get the meals that I really should be able
to display the meals that respect the filters set up by the user.
And now it's the away little meals which I want to filter even more here to find the meal for the category
idea I selected or the meals for the category I selected was that there is no more meals uppercase in
this file.
That's all just lowercase here and we got rid of that import successfully.
Now let's move on in the favorite screen where all the importing meals and justice before we should
get rid of debt.
So let's do this instead all the justice before all use use selector from react read X to get my meals
from the store and therefore here where I use meals Well I will actually get my available meals with
you use selector.
Again this gives me a state and I can access state dog meals not filtered meals but now actually here
for the favorites.
I don't want to respect any filters that we're set because in my opinion it makes sense that when we
want to view our favorites we always see all favorites.
You could of course have a different logic and go for the filtered meals but I will use just meals here.
So dark meals stock meals might look strange.
This selects a slice of our state and then in this slice this meals thing here axis is this meals property
and our state slice
but of course if you have a look at your resume it does only partly make sense right because we have
a favorite meals property here and indeed we do.
So actually we don't need to filter our favorites like this anymore and this was just a dummy filter
anyways it always took the meals with and won an Emmy too as an idea instead for our favorite meals.
We can't just get them by accessing here on our meals state Sly's favorite meals.
So this property because we will later manage the favorite meals in a separate array in our store.
So that's even easier here.
Very short code so if that we got rid of the meals import here as well.
Let's move on to the filters screen.
There is no meals import here.
The meal detailed screen on the brand has one.
So here I want to get rid of it.
And now here will needs debt.
Meals property which I showed a second ago because again here we can use you selector from react redux
to select our meals because in here we now have our component here where we use our meals and there
I want to have an array with all meals because I'm trying to load a single meal by I.D. and therefore
my basis my array in which I look for that idea should of course be an array with all meals and not
filtered because I don't care about any set filters here I'm looking for a specific meal with a specific
I.D. And I want to get a full list of meals and that's day four where we will need this unfiltered meals
list we're managing here
so therefore here we can now get our available meals with use selector and there again we use the state
meals stored meals now for real and now we can use away label meals here to find the meal with that
I.D. with Debbie get rid of this import here as well we can also remove the button import now that I
see it but we will actually have a problem.
You might notice that in the header I actually also try to find a meal from the meals array and we remove
that import.
Now the problem also is here in the navigation options we can't use the use selector hook because you
can only use hooks instead of Abra hooks or inside of functional components and this is never off that
it's a normal function not a functional component and ultimately a hook.
So we can't use you selector in here so that won't work.
Now of course we could bring back the meals import but that would be kind of cheap because in real applications
you will sometimes have that situation where you need data from your redux store in your navigation
data.
And therefore in the next lecture we'll tackle this and make sure that we can also get access to this
here.